
###############################################
###### DigestiveSystem Health (Karma) #########
## (Beginning to end of meal Representation) ##
###############################################

We can express the current Health State of the Digestive System
(although “Karmic Balance” is a better word, as it’s more Present-Anchored) 
In a mathematical function and representation on Q (Quantity) - KS2 KB axis.
The function studies the effect of a meal, but of course can have multiple inputs (meals) as Q also represents time.
For a more accurate representation, time can be expressed as the depth axis.

The function takes as input the current Digestive system health and a 
Meal (Quality, Timing, Logistics) parameter.

Each parameter is defined on a [-1,1] interval, from Dukkha to Dhamma.
And has a weighted effect on the Output, processed in a simple Neural Network.
Only Quantity is defined on [0,2] interval, with the key point at 1 - Hara Hachi Bu.
The Function clearly shows a Meal’s effect on “Kaya Sankhara 2 Karmic Balance”.


*Dictionary
*Kaya Sankhara = Body Conditioner
*Meal.Quality = Dukkha to Dhamma
*Meal.Timing = Against to In Sync with circadian rhythm and Nature
*Meal.Logistics = Post Meal full sedentarism To Purpose in Light Movement.

For the sake of simplicity, we will always assume an initial Karmic Balance of 0. 
This represents a digestive system that is at a neutral health level—consider, for example, a person who maintains a moderate diet and has not eaten for over 6 hours.
The function’s behaviour hold true regardless of the actual initial Karmic Balance.
(The Second Body Conditioner)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#########################
## Real World Examples ##
####### Example 1 #######
#########################

Use the function to firstly understand how deeply The Digestive System Health conditions the quality of One's thoughts and emotions.
Then use it to study your own meals, understanding the inter-connectivity of the Digestive system to the overall Health, Energy, Quality of Thoughts & Emotions.
"The Second Brain" - it is called.

1. First, let’s review a meal consisting of healthy food, in the afternoon, good logistics
- but greatly passing Hara Hachi Bu.

 #################################################
 ########### To be generated by Script ###########
 ## Parameters values examples in this scenario ##
 ####### Quality = 1, Timing = 0.8 ###############
 ####### Logistics = 0.7, Quantity = 2 ###########
 #################################################

Figure 1. Dhamma excess meal representation, 
understanding the extraordinary effect of Hara Hachi Bu.


Interpretation:
As the meal begins in high dhamma input from Quality, Timing and Logistics,
The system is being nourished with each bite, soon reaching a high KS2 Karma.
 A healing environment. Breath is calm. Slow eating of dhamma food variety.

But as soon as it reaches Hara Hachi Bu, the graph begins a slow descent,
Indicating the passing of the Golden threshold.

The whole system’s energy and resources begin redirecting to the Digestive System.
The more it continues, the exponential drop continues in a somewhat controlled manner.

Although, in real world data, this almost never happens.
A person almost never indulges to absolute excess in dhamma Food, Timing and Logistics.
The meal usually comes to a natural stop, usually around Quantity around ~1 to 1.4~, outputting a High Kaya Sankhara Karma.


############################################
################# Example 2 ################
############################################

2. Starting by eating Dhamma Food - and once Hara Hachi Bu is passed, giving way to dukkha food as desserts, milk, excess.
(Most common real-world pattern)


#################################################
########### To be generated by Script ###########
## Parameters values examples in this scenario ##
####### Quality = 0.5 to -0.8 when changing food, Timing = -0.3 ###############
####### Logistics = 0, Quantity = 2 ###########
#################################################
Figure 2. Eating Good food - followed by dukkha food as Hara Hachi Bu is passed


Interpretation:
Meal begins in dhamma input from Quality, Timing and Logistics,
The system is being nourished with each bite, soon reaching a high KS2 Karma, although with a slightly less exponential increase as FIgure 1.
The moment it reaches Hara Hachi Bu, food Quality is switched to Dukkha.
(This is accustomed to modern world inertia, where main meal usually
 slightly passes HHB and desserts follow)

 Digestive System Health Karma instantly enters a great exponential decrease,
Heading fast towards negative value, as suffering begins to cultivate in the Stomach.
The Breath Follows, Then the Body, Then Feelings, then Mind.



############################################
################# Example 2 ################
############################################

3. Dukkha Food from first Bite
(Emotional eating, Bulimia representation)

#################################################
########### To be generated by Script ###########
## Parameters values examples in this scenario ##
####### Quality = -0.9, Timing = -0.8 ###########
####### Logistics = -1, Quantity = 2 ############
#################################################

Interpretation:
Usually initial Digestive System Health Karma is negative (proning the system to incoming dukkha food), following suffering in the Body and Mind, but for the sake of simplicity we will stick with 0 starting point.
First few bites slightly increase KS2 Karma, as whatever food, the body still needs energy. 
But soon the Karma(Health) begins an exponential drop, becoming even more aggressive when Hara Hachi Bu is passed.
It can be observed, that just after a few bites, a thriving environment for suffering is cultivated. Disease-receiving. All of the Digestive Organs become inflamed.
Kaya Sankhara 2 conditions the Breath.
The Breath follows, becoming shallow, short, incomplete.

The Breath conditions Vedana
Negative feelings arise. Dukkha.

Vedana conditions the Mind. 
The Mind becomes clouded. Suffering. Stained.
Everything falls apart.




